# Anna University Web Portal Automation
Domain: **Robotic Process Automation**

Tools Used: **UiPATH - Community Edition**

### Batch : 3rd Batch CSE A

## Team Members
- Alagammai M S (14CSA04)
- Arun A (14CSA13)
- Divya M (14CSA17)
- Ganesh M (14CSA19)

## What it is and does
It is mandatory for Anna University affiliated colleges to enter data into the University Web Portal. This Robotic Process Automation Project will help simplifiy the process updating the portal. It primarily eliminates the need for manual entries of the students assessment details, and thereby reduces human time spent on related activities.

## Project contents
  - Website - Folder contains Anna University Website clone
  - Application - Folder contains software files used by UiPath Studio

### Application Folder
* Assests Folder
  - AssestFile.xlsx - Contain subject codes, semester code, assessment period for mapping.
  - MailingDetails.xlsx - Contains Mailing details for every files in the report folder

* Reports folder
  - Reports folder contains records in the form of excel sheets Generated by Every Class Advisor from e-campus.

* Completed folder
  - Report files will be moved here after completing each and every records in the reports folder.

* Generated Reports folder
  - Holds the report (pdf file) downloaded from website after completing the entry.

* Main.xaml - Main script file to run


# Requirements

* Uipath Studio
  - Automation tool. Request UiPath free trial from [here](https://www.uipath.com/download-free-automation-software-trial)
* Xampp
  - web server to run php scripts. Download from [here](https://www.apachefriends.org/download.html)
* Outlook
  - Microsoft outlook 2010 or above version. 

# How to Run Project
 
 * Download the project zip file to you computer and unzip the file. Or clone this repository to your desktop.
 * Move the Website folder to the htdocs folder.
 * Launch the Anna university Web Portal clone through localhost.
 * Launch Outlook application.
 * Run the Main.xaml file in the Application folder, it will launch the UiPath Studio.
 * Press F5 or Run the application from the Uipath tool.
 * The bot could starts processing the excel files and makes entry to the Web Portal clone.